---
title: Whoa! This is a computer?
layout: post
date: 2014-09-15
---

Electronics. Radios, VHS players, printers, and computers. Nothing ages
faster than electronics, so why do we keep this stuff? It's obsolete the
moment you buy it.

I've got a stack of hard drives from every computer I've ever owned. (A)
I don't want them to fall into the wrong hands---they have plenty of
personal data on them; (B) *someday* I need to archive that data.

The computer April used in college went to Goodwill. I built it from
scratch. Ordered all the components and a beautifully designed, aluminum
mini-tower case. I installed Linux on it.

When she arrived at school, she couldn't get connected to the network
because every student had to run a virus scanner and register their MAC
address on successful completion. "What do I do, Dad? It only runs on
Windows."

I told her to go to the help desk and explain she was running Linux.

That certainly got the attention of the geeks in the computer services
department. A girl? Running Linux? Awesome! Until she explained she knew
nothing about it---her dad set it up for her.

They were let down, but they did get her connected to the network
without the pesky Windows virus scan.

One of the computers I got rid of with as IBM PS/2 Model 60. Has to be
nearly 30 years old. Built like a tank. The kid at Goodwill that hauled
it inside was impressed. "Whoa!" he said, "*This* is a computer?"

### Donated (Goodwill)
- 1 HP DeskJet 820Cse
- 1 Dell ink jet printer (new in box)
- 1 radio alarm clock
- 1 portable radio/CD/cassette player
- 1 Philips 20" TV
- 1 Colossal calculator (new in box)
- 1 Linksys wireless router
- 1 Sharp 20" TV
- 1 CD-ROM drive
- 1 Mitsubishi VHS player
- 1 Sharp DV-600 DVD player
- 1 custom built mini-tower PC
- 1 [IBM PS/2][1] Model 60
- 1 APC battery backup
- 1 RCA VHS player
- 1 Emerson DVD player

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IBM_Personal_System/2
