---
title: Call me out!
layout: post
date: 2014-10-30
---

It's been ten days since I've posted and no one called me on it. One
purpose of this blog is to keep me motivated to get this decluttering
project done. You know, tell ten people you're going to do something and
you're committed. You're my ten people.

It's frustrating.

### Stuff isn't worth what you think

That Geiger counter of my Dad's---it's awesome. It has the original old
leak proof batteries in it with the Montgomery Ward price stickers still
attached. Somebody collects this stuff right? They'll pay good money for
it!

Not. I listed it on eBay. Twice. The auction expired both times, unsold.
If I strip the batteries out and sell them separately, they'll sell for
more than than the reserve price I set for the Geiger counter.

It seems such a shame to sell the batteries and toss this beautiful old
instrument.

But. Well. It's not worth anything! And it's got to go.

### Listing things on eBay, packing, and shipping are buzz kills

It's tedious and time consuming. I don't like it. If time is money,
throwing everything in the dumpster is probably as cost effective as
selling it.

Some people thrive on researching stuff like this, writing the perfect
listing, packing, shipping, and tracking it all. I'm not one of those
people.

Still, it pains me to toss perfectly good shit! And yes, I see the
contradiction in that sentence.

### I'm lazy

That's not a confession. It's a simple admission. I'm too lazy to enjoy
the process of selling junk. It's the reason my garage is full of it.
I'm too lazy to discard old bicycle inner tubes until I've got a dozen
of them and realize I'm never going to patch and reuse the bloody
things.

### If it was summer

I think if it was still summer, I'd be tempted to have a big garage sale
or an auction. The weather won't be suitable for that for months. And
I'd like to be rid of this mess before then. So, I think I'm committed
to the routine of eBay listings, trips to Goodwill, and garbage can
stuffing until it's gone.

Keep me on track.

### Sold
- Dad's triple beam balance scale, $32
